Added note for frameworks (#5408)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/redirects.md

/blog/* https://blog.my.domain/:splat
/products/:code/:name /products?code=:code&name=:name
```
{{<Aside type= "note">}}

> Since the _redirects file needs to be present in the served root directory, some frameworks may not work right now as Cloudflare only deploys the build directory like the _site folder in case of Jekyll.

Reviewer: In the case of some frameworks, such as Jekyll, you may need to manually copy and paste your `_redirects` file to the build output directory.

> Since the _redirects file needs to be present in the served root directory, some frameworks may not work right now as Cloudflare only deploys the build directory like the _site folder in case of Jekyll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of some frameworks, such as Jekyll, you may need to manually copy and paste your `_redirects` file to the build output directory after you have deployed your site. To do this:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
2. Go to your deployed Pages project > **Settings** > **Builds & deployments**.
3. Go to **Build configurations** > **Edit configurations** > change the build command to `jekyll build && cp _redirects _site/_redirects` and select **Save**.
```

Author: @WalshyDev can we merge this now?
